The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. A large hiatal hernia is noted. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
Left lower lobe calcified granuloma. Heart size normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild medial right atelectasis. Mild emphysema.
The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. There are a few XXXX opacities in the lung bases bilaterally. No definitive pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Displaced fracture of the mid one-third of the right clavicle.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is XXXX biapical scarring. The lungs are otherwise clear.
Well circumscribed 11 mm right upper lobe nodule, unchanged appearance from previous examination 7 years ago. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. The heart size is normal. Redemonstrated syndesmophyte.
The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise the lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.
Cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. There is mild bibasilar focal atelectasis. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Minimal atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta.
The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The superior thoracic spine is again noted, unchanged from prior. Lucent pulmonary parenchyma is consistent appearance with emphysema and appears unchanged from prior examinations. No evidence of pneumothorax. No focal airspace disease or pleural effusion. Vague density in the medial right lung apex most XXXX representing overlying shadows of bony structures, which is stable.
The heart size is enlarged. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Calcification is seen within the aortic XXXX. XXXX interstitial opacities. There are no nodules or masses. Stable appearing right perihilar calcified granulomas. No visible pneumothorax. Bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting, left worse than right. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
Left XXXX XXXX noted with tip approximating the high SVC, stable. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal limits. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. There is mild scoliosis of the spine.
Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mediastinal calcification and dense right upper lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process.
Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is is a calcified XXXX opacity in the left lung base suggestive of old empyema, hematoma, or prior TB. No cavitary lesions are seen. XXXX are grossly unremarkable.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. The aorta is unfolded. There is left base streaky opacity due to XXXX scarring or discoid atelectasis. There is a midright lung small calcified granuloma. There are small nodular opacities projecting over the right base in the right costophrenic sulcus, posterior right 9th rib and the anterior T10 vertebral body. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
No there is an dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.
Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Minimal blunting of the costophrenic XXXX. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
No focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax.
The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. There are severe arthritic changes of the XXXX with mild arthritic changes of the thoracic spine.
Lungs are hyperexpanded. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Bandlike opacities are present in the right lung. Appearance suggest atelectasis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable from prior exam. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mediastinal surgical clips are again noted.
Chest. Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. Ribs. There are no displaced rib fractures, or obvious nondisplaced rib fractures. Soft tissues appear normal.
Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. The XXXX are unremarkable.
Normal heart. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. There are postsurgical changes of the left breast. The lungs are clear.
AP and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The heart is normal size. Mediastinum is unremarkable. Lungs are hypoinflated but clear. No focal consolidation is seen.
The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Chronic degenerative changes are present within the spine.
Lung volumes are low. No focal infiltrates. Pulmonary XXXX are normal.
The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The chest XXXX is in satisfactory position. There is no pneumothorax. The lungs are clear.
Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no XXXX focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Again noted is tortuosity and unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Aortic vascular calcifications. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Bone demineralization.
The lungs are hyperexpanded. There are XXXX opacities in the lingula, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly and aortic ectasia and tortuosity. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion. Chronic appearing bilateral rib contour deformities compatible with old fractures. No pneumothorax.
There are low lung volumes. The lungs are otherwise clear. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Calcific density in the right lung apex, compatible with calcified granuloma.
The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
The lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There is no pneumothorax large pleural effusion.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified.
Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Minimal thoracic spondylosis.
Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No upper lobe airspace disease or cavitary lesions identified.
Heart XXXX, mediastinum, XXXX, bony structures and lung XXXX are unremarkable. Stable small calcified granuloma left base. No XXXX acute findings/opacities/infiltrates noted.
Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal. There is normal distribution of the pulmonary vascularity. The lungs are clear. No effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax.
The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is chronic left hemidiaphragm elevation. The aorta is tortuous and ectatic with atherosclerotic calcifications.